# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --format requirements.txt --no-hashes --extra dev -o requirements-dev.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-fileutils
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   pydantic
ansible==12.1.0
    # via arpanrec-nebula
ansible-compat==25.8.2
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
ansible-core==2.19.3
    # via
    #   ansible
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
ansible-lint==25.9.2
    # via arpanrec-nebula
ansible-pygments==0.1.2
    # via antsibull-docs
antsibull-changelog==0.34.0
    # via antsibull-docs
antsibull-core==3.4.0
    # via antsibull-docs
antsibull-docs==2.21.0
    # via arpanrec-nebula
antsibull-docs-parser==1.2.2
    # via antsibull-docs
antsibull-docutils==1.3.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-docs
antsibull-fileutils==1.5.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
astroid==3.3.11
    # via pylint
asyncio-pool==0.6.0
    # via antsibull-docs
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
bandit==1.8.6
    # via arpanrec-nebula
black==25.9.0
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   arpanrec-nebula
bracex==2.6
    # via wcmatch
build==1.3.0
    # via antsibull-core
cachier==4.1.0
    # via arpanrec-nebula
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-help-colors
    #   molecule
    #   typer
click-help-colors==0.9.4
    # via molecule
colorama==0.4.6 ; os_name == 'nt' or sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   bandit
    #   build
    #   click
    #   pylint
    #   sphinx
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   arpanrec-nebula
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distro==1.9.0
    # via ansible-lint
docker==7.1.0
    # via arpanrec-nebula
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   antsibull-docutils
    #   rstcheck-core
    #   sphinx
enrich==1.2.7
    # via molecule
filelock==3.19.1
    # via ansible-lint
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.2.4 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy'
    # via pynvim
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via ansible-lint
isort==6.1.0
    # via
    #   arpanrec-nebula
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   molecule
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
molecule==25.9.0
    # via
    #   arpanrec-nebula
    #   molecule-plugins
molecule-plugins==25.8.12
    # via arpanrec-nebula
msgpack==1.1.2
    # via pynvim
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.18.2
    # via arpanrec-nebula
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
neovim==0.3.1
    # via arpanrec-nebula
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pyright
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   arpanrec-nebula
    #   black
    #   build
    #   molecule
    #   sphinx
passlib==1.7.4
    # via arpanrec-nebula
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   yamllint
perky==0.9.3
    # via antsibull-core
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via molecule
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via cachier
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pycparser==2.23 ; implementation_name != 'PyPy'
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.12.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   rstcheck-core
pydantic-core==2.41.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ansible-pygments
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pylint==3.3.9
    # via arpanrec-nebula
pynvim==0.6.0
    # via neovim
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pyright==1.1.406
    # via arpanrec-nebula
pytokens==0.1.10
    # via black
pywin32==311 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   docker
    #   portalocker
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   antsibull-fileutils
    #   bandit
    #   molecule
    #   yamllint
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   arpanrec-nebula
    #   docker
    #   sphinx
resolvelib==1.2.0
    # via ansible-core
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   bandit
    #   enrich
    #   molecule
    #   typer
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rstcheck==6.2.5
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-docs
rstcheck-core==1.2.2
    # via rstcheck
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via ansible-lint
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.14 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ruamel-yaml
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via twiggy
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via antsibull-docs
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via bandit
subprocess-tee==0.4.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
twiggy==0.5.1
    # via
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
typer==0.19.2
    # via rstcheck
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250915
    # via arpanrec-nebula
types-requests==2.32.4.20250913
    # via arpanrec-nebula
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pynvim
    #   pyright
    #   referencing
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via cachier
wcmatch==10.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
yamllint==1.37.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   arpanrec-nebula
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
